hey guys its brand a minimun from pocket
now calm and this is yet another look at
customizations being made to windows
mobile 6.5 we have a feeling that when
windows mobile 6.5 comes out there's
going to be a ton of plugins and
customizations available for the the new
interface that's coming to 6.5 and here
is another new interface that we're
going to show you this comes from XDA
developers that really integrates a lot
of plugins to the home screen the
sliding panel interface plus makes for a
really nice visual style and what we
have here is a similar look and feel
them that we've already seen on windows
mobile 6.5 except it's a little bit
different so each panel is kind of a
square the visuals are a little nicer
and you'll see that it has some added
plugin so here in notifications you can
flick your finger to the right to set up
email or to view your missed calls or
check your voicemail or see your text
messages right on the screen if we go
down to phone of course we can check if
we have any missed calls favorite people
will let you scroll through a list of
just photos of favorite people that you
want to call going down to the next item
you see the clock with a nice analog
clock and it tells you if you're
connected to Wi-Fi and the date and the
time and of course you can move this
around by touching the background or by
moving the panel itself let's go down to
the weather panel which has a nice
four-day forecast and you can scroll to
the right and this is actually tapping
into the msn weather widget it looks
like and we go to the right and right
again it gives you a more detailed
forecast about what's happening we're
actually going backwards here Thursday
here's Wednesday and so on so if we go
to communication manager you can see
that I don't have a sim card in so it
says no service and flicking to the
right will over here you can go into the
flight mode settings there's a little
picture of an airplane and here we can
set up Wi-Fi and Bluetooth going down to
settings this is pretty cool you can
jump right to a specific settings so you
can see the power that you've remaining
we can go right to the task manager
communications manager and that is back
to power going down to programs it looks
like you can actually cut
I is the number of programs that are
here so here's HDC calculator HTC album
it has the same icon for each thing but
presumably you'll be able to change that
once this is released in full going down
to text of course you can check your
text messages or make a new one email
we've seen this before set up email read
email voicemail it's kind of what was
already appearing above but now they're
kind of separated pictures and of course
we can flip back and forth and see the
pictures that are on the device this is
a very long home screen as you can see
here's music you can play music right
from your today screen calendar which
lets you see your next appointments that
are coming up and you can kind of
imagine yourself walking down the street
and just flipping with your finger to
see oh I have lunch in an hour and I've
got an appointment after that and going
down we're almost at the bottom here
going down to Windows Live you can sign
right into Windows Live if you tap on
the button and it will open up when is
life so overall it looks like some good
work is being done to help customize
windows mobile 6.5 so that when it comes
out officially later this year there
will be a lot of options to choose from
if you really want to tweak your device
and make it look unique so that is it
for more on windows mobile and windows
mobile 6.5 be sure to follow us on
twitter at twitter.com slash pocket now
tweets that's it for now